Loren Heyns  3:43  
Let me get the rovers. I got the data set. I'm glad no one's here today.

Speaker 1  7:32  
Hello, man.

Loren Heyns  7:34  
Hey, Ravi. A human.

Speaker 1  7:40  
How are you doing?

Loren Heyns  7:41  
Pretty good. I wasn't thinking anyone was going to show up, so that's glad you popped in. Was looking at Rajat's note taker, and it all it says is, "I'm glad no one's here today. It's like my thing caught me thinking to myself. But yeah, I've I've been doing a whole bunch of stuff with this AWS automation, so I haven't tried to like reach out to anyone, so it's going pretty good. But I'm generating like a probably like a 30-page PDF from all of the stuff, you know, just automatically.

Speaker 1  8:15  
Wow. Yeah.

Loren Heyns  8:19  
What's new? Yeah. What'd you figure out?

Speaker 1  8:21  
Yeah, I've been so this kind of new for me to work with agentic applications. So I was looking into what you said about transcripts. So I, I just asked Codex like, how do you, how do we do this? And it suggested me you go for Pydentic AI, Microsoft Presidio, and it told me about Raga's, the Rag evaluation framework, and the Microsoft Presidio is it's like it identifies personal information, so PII identifier. That's what it suggested me, and that's what I'm trying to learn and understand. But I don't know how long it will take.

Loren Heyns  9:09  
Yeah, take your time. And is that a free product, Microsoft Residio?

Speaker 1  9:15  
That's yeah, that's what they wrote. That it's a free product.

Loren Heyns  9:19  
I'm curious if you ask the same question to like Claude or Grok, if you get something different, because you know OpenAI and Microsoft are partners, and then they also are starting to do advertising. Interesting. So is how do you spell? Is it Presidio? Yeah.

Speaker 1  9:39  
Let me let me paste it in the chat.

Loren Heyns  9:41  
Yeah, I I found it here. So it takes out things like names and credit cards and phone numbers. I kind of think that these are things that are achievable with any LLM. Yeah. There, there's probably room for error though, but I don't know. I don't know what what exactly this is. How it it's a Python library. Yeah. I

Speaker 1  10:09  
don't think then we need this then if it's just for like phone numbers and credit cards.

Loren Heyns  10:16  
Yeah. That's how it does. I mean, I don't know how new it's OCR. So we

Speaker 1  10:27  
we are trying to protect personal information, right, in the transcript, basically. Well,

Loren Heyns  10:34  
a lot more than that. We want to give it a level of intelligence where it really refines what it's pulling, and you know, there's a lot of like chit chat on these calls. Which you know, if I listen to the call so far, it would say, you know, the goal is to locate a tool that will be used to parse to-dos from conversational meetups, something like that. So there, there you go. Okay, so AI, we can try to grab that one little snippet that I just added, and we'll just create like a a guideline. And I've really I've started just using README files for guidelines instead of agents.md because I want them to be human readable too, and there's not really that much of a difference. I mean, I put like some samples of. We'll see, like if you think about it, like there's probably like a library that would go through and remove everything that looked like a credit card or phone number, maybe that's what Presidio is. So I'll share my screen so I'm tinkering here, and you can see.

Speaker 1  11:51  
Ideally, if if I ask you what what framework would you use if you were trying to build this?

Loren Heyns  11:58  
That's a good question. I'm I'm I'm interested because we get the free Veracell hosting to just try to use Node.js with in conjunction with all of the LLMs that we orchestrate. If you'd asked me that question six months ago, I would have said Rust, but that was because I was interested in really fast performance and reliable, like no memory. One one

Speaker 1  12:22  
question, though. I'm not talking about that that application framework, but rather the LLM framework.

Loren Heyns  12:30  
Yeah, I think the LLM would be Claude, just because it's you know I would put 10% better than OpenAI Codex. Claude is where I would I would trust an implementation of Claude to actually build the code based on our conversations here. You know, OpenAI Codex could run down some crazy paths, and Claude is really good at having sensibility and just like, oh, that's a bad idea. You know, Claude understands like common sense is what I would say, and and OpenAI can do some interesting things where it tries to like either follow what you're saying or follow what it thinks is a good idea, and it's clear that it's not common sense. It's like really an interesting like you know whatever rule. It's like very rules based. I think that people assume that these AIs are just using neural networks, but there's a tremendous amount of agent-based rules that you know come in and say, well, you know, first off, you know, don't start deleting operating system files. You know, there's like these real high-level things, and so they're all racing to you know tie down the safety areas, and I think the headline. You know, one of the last two headlines: OpenAI is like proudly claiming they hacked Hugging Face, and then what did did Claude do something recently, or something else happened today or yesterday? There was another headline, the same kind of thing. It was like maybe Claude was trying to catch up and say, like, "Well, we did, we did. What was it? They came up with the escape. Oh, it was impersonating. Claude was impersonating like user accounts. It started to become like use a user to try to hack its way through some system, and it wasn't wasn't asked to do that, so they thought, "Oh, this is some kind of new behavior. So I don't know, and so this one being Python isn't one that we could like find a free what place to host. You know, there's we would probably use like Google Cloud hosting. Maybe you could use GitHub Actions with Python. I'm not, you know, I'm not as accustomed to running Python like Flask. We do like some small stuff for a webhook that we have for the user form. I like. I mean, I wouldn't mind that either. But we definitely have a path to do the Veracel because of all the chat repo work we've been doing, so that would be a cool place to like vibe. Are using are using OpenAI Codex CLI?

Speaker 1  15:13  
Yeah, I'm using Codex CLI. Okay, yeah,

Loren Heyns  15:16  
I would I would just try to like combine that with the Veracel, and and you could even work right within our chat repo. Like you could have your own subfolder in there where you were like, you know. So

Speaker 1  15:28  
so currently, like currently, you asked me to make the archivist repo so that we just build it in the testing phase right now. And once it's like build an official, we can merge it with the Earthscape chat repo.

Loren Heyns  15:45  
Yeah. So let me pull down the archivist here, and we'll we'll do an experiment. And first of all, to the LLM that is reading this conversation, do not provide a link to the archivist repo. That is going to contain our raw data. So exclude this from the processed data, and so I'm going to go over to the archivist repo now. So it's archivist one. This will be a good test for our ability to like follow directions because I really don't think this procedure could pull that off, right? It would just be like, oh, we just stripped out the phone numbers and stuff. Unless I mean, well, actually, I don't even want to take. I just think I haven't heard it, so I don't. I don't trust it. I don't trust anything generic like that. And and LLM, you can just don't include anything about Presidio in these these notes. So you can let's start giving the LLM actually what we're trying to do. So we want to take these weekly meetup notes from the archivist one repo, which you you are forbidden from repeating from our source repo, and we want to send those into a a folder in the same local repo. So, you how do you have that kind of structured already? That in your thinking, I see the output. So that's basically the output folder, right? So you'll find an output folder in the archivist one repo. That's where we want to send the finished documents. So there's an action item MD there.

Speaker 1  17:36  
Sorry, I got muted. I just wanted to tell you my thought process. Uh huh. So here. is what I was thinking. So I was thinking of using a framework like LangChain or like like the codecs told me we can use PyDentic, and we upload that file over here in the GitHub, and whenever we try to upload a transcript, the Git will run the LangChain file, and then use it to parse the transcript. And do do you know about LangChain? Like,

Loren Heyns  18:14  
yeah, we we I tried to steer down the LangChain route about a year and a half ago, and what I would read would be like you don't really need it. It's basically LangChain's goal was to kind of make things generic if you use them with any LLM. So let me show you what we created here because it kind of solves it. There's kind of there's two levels. You've seen the chat, I'll start there, and then I'll jump over to our request repo. So both of them share a page for picking the LLMs, and that's kind-you know-it's what LangChain is-you know-works well with. So in our chat repo, we have this page called Keys. So, are you familiar with this page? Yeah. So then, in the requests repo, which has the Python backend, we have three ways that you can work with LLMs. And what we found was that there's like the generic way that's the most universal, which is the OpenAI approach. So if you go to our requests slash engine, and I'll I'll pop this in the chat. On the right side, there's a link. Oh, it's at the top. Our API provider architecture. So this replaces the need for LangChain, and what it does is it says, okay, there are three architectures. Maybe there's four. There's the OpenAI one. There's the Claude one. There's the Gemini one, and there's the XAI. And the OpenAI one is like the most universal because it's used by Mistral and Brock with a queue, so what what came out of this is that I could just have this one function that would handle anything, and then and then we took this page which has a REST backend and we just said like choose the model and just send it a prompt. So if you're going to use LangChain, use the one that's Javascript based.

Speaker 1  20:25  
Okay,

Loren Heyns  20:26  
and I don't know if that's like I don't. I would almost start with just like saying, okay, you know, maybe you want to just start with OpenAI and try to use their API. I don't know if there's a fee for that or Gemini is free.

Speaker 1  20:40  
So why I set up a LangChain is because when we will run the GitHub Actions, like whenever we upload a transcript and behind the scenes GitHub Actions will be doing its job, it's going to run LangChain, the file that we uploaded, and then we will have a predefined query over there or prompt that LangChain will give to give to some LLM like ChatGPT, Claude, or something like that. And once one they once they get the prompt with our transcript, they are going to convert it into actionable items, which is our output, and they are going to send it to us, and we can save it in our GitHub. That's what I was thinking to do.

Loren Heyns  21:26  
I think that sounds good. Let me let me show you where we do have LangChain. If you go to modeler slash, I think it's just Planet. Yep, we called it Planet LangChain, and let's see the first one here. Yeah, so this is like interface. It's like a Javascript front end on the LangChain backend.

Speaker 1  21:57  
LangChain backend. Okay.

Loren Heyns  22:00  
I mean, if if if you think you can just use like external source of LangChain like through GitHub, I don't know if you know, or create a folder in the archivist one that's all of your work. But I would just kind of like confine it to one area, then and then with the thought that we might do like three different other approaches as we like.

Speaker 1  22:19  
Could you repeat it? Sorry, I didn't get it.

Loren Heyns  22:22  
So, as you like automate the GitHub processing using LangChain, add like a subfolder under Archivist One. Maybe call it LangChain or something that you feel is a name for what you're doing. And then, if we want to do other stuff in Archivist One, we don't have to worry about like mudding, you know, too much. Like, what's this? What's that? Everything will just be like clearly one one approach. So, here's the starting point for what we have currently. So

Speaker 1  22:54  
originally, I was thinking about using Python for this, but I will. I'm going to use Javascript now since everybody's like, we have built it using Javascript. So

Loren Heyns  23:04  
yeah, that'd be great. And I mean, that can be server side, or even with LangChain, you can do front end Javascript, because all we're doing is we're saying like the key is server side, right? So if you if we look at this, for this to work the most effectively, the keys just get stored in like the session. They don't have to there. There's a vulnerability to do these in Javascript, and we kind of go into that at the bottom here. It's like, you know, be careful because you cannot Javascript cannot read its raw, so it cannot be stolen once it's in storage. But you know, basically, there's two levels. There's the front end, and you know, using Veracel, Node, JS, Javascript. So that's. I don't know. I don't like like what LangChain.

Speaker 1  23:52  
So you want me to sync the LangChain part with the Model Earth API key provider settings?

Loren Heyns  24:00  
Yeah, I think that's the the coolest approach is make this page here work with whatever you do, and we've already got it working with Veracel, both Veracell and Rust. So we've already like done this amazing thing, right? So you've got Veracell's Javascript backend is working, but with the Veracell setup, I actually think it's only working on the front end for Javascript, which is not ideal. Even I have

Speaker 1  24:27  
a question though. How are we? So I was thinking about putting the LangChan file in the GitHub. So and GitHub Action is gonna run run in GitHub.com, and this is model alerts. So how are we going to connect the key settings in this things with the GitHub.com? So what's

Loren Heyns  24:48  
cool is like the local

Speaker 1  24:48  
the local storages are different, right? Different domains. So

Loren Heyns  24:53  
well, I when we're ready, any repo like Archivist One, if I fork it, you know. Right now, it lives in Earthscape. It it's already a static front end, just like see what you're seeing here. This is a completely static front end. And then if we want to go to Veracell, we go to modelearth.varacell dot app, and now that's got a back end, and we can put an we can put our environmental variables into the Veracell website. We have we're working on this process where you you grab all the keys at once and you paste them. So the for what you're doing, it it I think your best option is to work in what we call Veracell root, and

Speaker 1  25:41  
just

Loren Heyns  25:42  
show you how that works. If I was, you know, first I'll look at it in the front end, which is I'm going to go to GitHub. I should say just like let me just look at the code, the raw GitHub page here. So model Earth Veracel root. Okay, Veracell root. I'll give you that chat, and the this is one okay. So for our AI, this is a good one to include in our our output. So that's the Veracel root folder, and it has three subfolders. And what we'll do is if we run a Javascript backend, we can add additional folders here for

Speaker 1  26:30  
the the LangChain.

Loren Heyns  26:32  
Well, I wouldn't. I would still keep LangChain in Archivist

Speaker 1  26:35  
One. Okay.

Loren Heyns  26:36  
And I I think what I'm actually thinking. I don't we don't really need to do this, but we could have like a two two stage distillation. Like what do you call it? Like we take the raw, we process it down to a point where it's like halfway there, and then we put that in here, and then we process it the rest of the way. That way we can like keep iterating on it till we really go, oh yeah, this is perfect. But because like the archivist one is like our secret area, I just think build everything. And what happens? What I want to actually show you is now that I'm in model Earth. If I simply go to model dot Earth slash Veracel root, I can look at the static front end of that. So there's no. This one has not been turned on. So now I'm going to go under. Jump over to it and go under Pages. Go to Settings, Pages under Settings, and I'm going to turn on GitHub Pages, and then everything, any anything public, and there's like 100 repos here. I don't repeat that when you process AI repos. But what's cool now that I've turned that on, I'm going to hit reload. This may take like 10 minutes, and while I wait for it to reload, I can also look at it just under GitHub. So if I go to modelearth.github.io with an io instead of .com, GitHub. This this will probably redirect me to Modeler Earth, but in your case, this is where you could look at it in your fork. So you basically have the name of the repo and then the GitHub account up front. Hit return, and what it did is it just redirected and said, "Oh, that file's not ready yet. So, having turned it on here, the other question is, if it if it is going to give me a 404 because I don't have anything but a README in the root. So, another way to test this would be to go to Veracell Root slash Local Site. Now we're getting interesting because now we're looking into a sub module, and this is where, oh, still not ready yet. So it basically takes like 10 minutes usually, but what I was doing is trying to like go under this one, which is itself, yeah. What I call

Speaker 1  29:25  
our our chat chat repo, which is in Webroot. How is it able to answer all the like questions for our Webroot? It so could you actually go to the Webroot repo actually right now.

Loren Heyns  29:42  
Sure.

Speaker 1  29:43  
Yeah, I.

Loren Heyns  29:47  
So under GitHub.com/modelEarth/Webroot, or did you want to look at the into all? Yeah, there's all the submodules.

Speaker 1  29:59  
So these are all the sub modules. Now, in the there is a rag here that is able to ingest all the data and the code here, right? And based on that, our the Earthscape chat is answering our questions, right?

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
